=head1 NAME

Amazon::S3Curl::PurePerl - Pure Perl s3 helper/downloader.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This software is designed to run in low dependency situations. 
You need curl, and you need perl ( If you are on linux, you probably have perl whether you know it or not ).

Maybe you're bootstrapping a system from s3,
or downloading software to a host where you can't/don't want to install anything.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $s3curl = Amazon::S3Curl::PurePerl->new({
            aws_access_key => $ENV{AWS_ACCESS_KEY},
            aws_secret_key => $ENV{AWS_SECRET_KEY},
            local_file     => "/tmp/myapp.tgz",
            url            => "/mybootstrap-files/myapp.tgz"
    });
    $s3curl->download;
    
Using L<Object::Remote>:
    
    use Object::Remote;
    my $conn = Object::Remote->connect("webserver-3");

    my $s3_downloader = Amazon::S3Curl::PurePerl->new::on(
        $conn,
        {
            aws_access_key => $ENV{AWS_ACCESS_KEY},
            aws_secret_key => $ENV{AWS_SECRET_KEY},
            local_file     => "/tmp/myapp.tgz",
            url            => "/mybootstrap-files/myapp.tgz"
        } );

    $s3_downloader->download;

=head1 PARAMETERS

=over

=item aws_access_key ( required )

=item aws_secret_key ( required )

=item url ( required )

This is the (url to download|upload to|delete).
It should be a relative path with the bucket name, and whatever pseudopaths you want.

For upload:
Left with a trailing slash, it'll DWYM, curl style.

=item local_file

This is the (path to download to|file to upload).

=back


=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Constructor, provided by Moo.


=head2 download

    $s3curl->download;
    
download url to local_file.

=head2 upload

    $s3curl->upload;
    
Upload local_file to url.

=head2 delete

    $s3curl->delete;
    
Delete url.

=head2 delete_cmd

=head2 download_cmd

=head2 upload_cmd

Just get the command to execute, don't actually execute it:
    my $cmd = $s3curl->download_cmd;
    `$cmd`;

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software and may be distributed under the same terms as perl itself.

=head1 AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS

This distribution was 
adapted by Samuel Kaufman L<skaufman@cpan.org> from the L<Amazon S3 Authentication Tool for Curl|http://aws.amazon.com/code/128>

   Amazon S3 Authentication Tool for Curl
   Copyright 2006-2010 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
